# HELM Prompt Browser

A desktop application for browsing and wrangling the data generated by Stanford CRFM's HELM benchmark.

## Overview

This application is intended as a complement to POKTscan's [pnyx-lm-taxonomies](https://github.com/pokt-scan/pnyx-lm-taxonomies) suite.

[Stanford CRFM's Holistic Evaluation of Language Models (HELM)](https://crfm.stanford.edu/helm/classic/latest/) is a scientifically designed benchmark for the evaluation of Language Models (LMs) in various tasks and skills, along a varied array of metrics. However, the publicly available data falls short of fully covering all the tasks and general abilities of LMs. To improve the usability of the data generated by HELM, Pocket Scan LLC. developed a suite of Python scripts that allow for the construction of custom datasets built from the data already availabe in HELM's repositories.

However, exploring the sea of data available in HELM's evaluation output is a tool order without an adequate tool. The HELM Prompt Browser is a tool designed to help AI researchers in navigating the complexity of HELM's data (250 GB of raw evaluation data), allowing filtering and selection according to diverse criteria. The custom datasets constructed on this basis can then be exported to a JSON file that serves as input to the scripts in the *pnyx-lm-taxonomies* suite.

## Contributing

Contributions are more than welcome. If you want to contribute, please do the following:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: git checkout -b feature-name.
3. Make your changes.
4. Push your branch: git push origin feature-name.
5. Create a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD-3-Clause.
